Welcome to our project on exoplanet visualization
By Nick, Aiden, Frank, and Ayushi. This is our final project for Data Visualization at Northeastern in Spring 2022.
And welcome to our Github page
In the top left, you can see the link to our Github repo.
And we also have an abstract and some links up top.
In the actual contents of the page, we have some graphs comparing the exoplanet's orbit
and its eccentricity, that is how close it is
to a perfect circle. A zero is essentially a flatline elipse, and a one is basically a circle.
We can see that compared to the radius of each planet in Jupiters, and also the mass of it in Jupiters.
To change these graphs, we are able to use these up top and change this to say, 0.5, for a closer examination on the left,
or if we want to expand the scale on the right, we can make it 10. We are also able to change these incrementally by using the arrows,
so if we want to get this back to one, we can also just raise it up to a value of one.
On the graphs themselves, you're able to basically get more data about a certain planet
by hovering over it, and it displays more data about that planet, like it's orbital period and discovery year. It also works on the graph on the left.
Moving down, there are some more plots here as we are able to see the amount of planets that are closer to
either being no Jupiters in radius or one full Jupiter in Radius, compared to where they round.
But maybe more interesting, on the right here, we can see where they fall in terms of mass,
as we have a lot of planets clustered on the left,
where they are not even one Jupiter in mass,
but a lot more spread out on the right.